Minor nits (#677)
huggingface/huggingface_hub: docs/hub/adding-a-model.md

>>>    clone_from='my_username/dummy'
>>> )

> Then you can write to the `dummy` folder any large file we may want to store, before finally pushing to the Hub with `Repository.push_to_hub` and attaching a helpeful commit message to it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you can write to the `dummy` folder any large file you may want to store, before finally pushing to the Hub with `Repository.push_to_hub` and attaching a helpful commit message to it:
```
